"jointCurveSetup_v2.py":

 	This is a script that automates the process
 of creating joints for a joint based facial rig. This script easily
 does an hours worth of work in minutes. 

	The user needs to have curves created and in place before
 using this tool. The user must also have a curve selected when 
 executing this script.Instead of having to individually name each 
 joint after creation the script automatically names each joint accordingly 
 during the actual joint creation process. 
	
	Demonstrated Skills:
		- Creating functions to Automate repetative tasks.
		- Solid understanding of For Loops.
		- great understanding of joint based rigging. 





"realTime_duplicator.py":

	This tool is my version of maya's special transfrom tool.
I have added the feature of seeing the duplication process in real
time, instead of only seeing the duplication result after the click
of the "Apply" button. This tool also features a GUI.The user needs
to have the object selected before executing this tool.

	Demonstrated skills:
		- Effecient object manipluation with List Comprehension.
		- Creating GUI(Graphic User Interface) wrapper for my scripts.





"StretchyIKSpline.py":

	For the rigging process, creating a stretchy Ik Spline can be tedious.
This tool takes a selected curve and creates the Joints, Multi/Divide nodes, and an Ik handle.
it also names the joints accordingly in less than a second.

	Demonstrated Skills:
		- Creating functions to Automate repetative tasks.
		- woking with String Formatting to increase code modularity.
		- ability to set up difficult IK joint chains.





"StrectchyIKSpline_GUI.py":
	
	This is just a simple GUI wrapper for "strechyIKSpline.py". It features a spine box
allowing you to select the number of joint, and button to execute the setup command.

	Demonstrated Skills:
		- Creating and importing custom modules.
		- Working with classes.
		




"vertexParticle.py":

	I made this Maya plugin using Maya Python API. This plugin is used for more memory
intensive processes. It takes a selected object and creates a particle system. The partical
system can be used used to create many special effects based on the meshes shape. 

	Demonstrated Skills:
		- solid understanding of Maya Python API.
		- patients 
		- hours of debugging experience